Update Hypershift docs for v0.6 (#2410)
timescale/docs: use-timescale/migration/hypershift-config.md

#   chunk_time_interval: <microseconds> or <interval>   # Optional. Default "7d"
#   compress:                                           # Compression settings (optional)
#       after: <microseconds> or <interval>
#       orderby:
#        - <column_name> <direction>    # Column name, sort direction ('asc' or 'desc').
#       segmentby: [<string>]           # List of column names.
#
# Example:
# hypertable_configs:
#  - name: metric
#    schema: public
#    time_column_name: time
#    chunk_time_interval: 4w
#    compress:
#      after: 1w
#      orderby:
#       - time desc
#      segmentby:
#       - series_id
# ----------------------------------------------------------------------------
hypertable_configs: [<hypertable_configuration>] # Default = []

# Minimum size of the table (in MiB) for which parallel copying of data should be done.
parallel_min_table_size: <u16> # Default = 128

# When Foreign Keys should be checked.
foreign_keys_priority: <VALID: immediate, deferred, unchecked, disabled> # Default = unchecked

# Create the target database.
create_db: <boolean> # Default = false

# Drop constraints that prevent hypertables from being created.
#

> # Some constraints like Foreign Keys pointing to a Hypertable cannot be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Some constraints like foreign keys that point to a hypertable cannot be
```
